call faniggle_text with an onTimeout after last keystroke
make two forms of create_item -- one for the first parent-less item?

One way to model undo/redo would be to not delete the events when I undo, but just remember at what event I'm currently at.  Later events can still exist, and I can walk into them to redo them.  However, I should keep an index for the last relevant redo event, or I might walk into nonsensical events.  Also, I don't want to store too many nonsensical events, so I should probably clear those somehow...


persistence with localStorage
switch to note sometimes chooses the wrong note

try saving as encoded markup or a url


stringifying things:

should change convention from data.item to data.item_id



-- fallback to cookies or flashStorage.



Persistence button with gears.  Maybe a simple cookie-based store too.

Persistence: gears, web =]
Use events!


Post it up on my blog and request for comments =]

Premium account = sync to web

Perhaps have a 'force sync' button to sync to the web

If delete_reparent is useful, find a way to undo it gracefully.  It's so destructive!

Is it useful to move something up or down in a way that re-parents it?  Kinda sorta.

Ugh, how do I deal with the initial item problem with my event system?

Refactor key controls to a common pattern: select and return the function, and if one is chosen, stop events.

this autogrow library stinks: it's ignoring my options, and it only grows every few miliseconds.  Why not check on keystrokes?  You'd need to keep it from over-animating, but still, shouldn't be too hard to do with this for reference.  I want it to act differently anyway: I don't want it to leave extra space for writing!  It should wrap tightly.

Perhaps I could make a keystroke editor eventually...

Evaluate other useful commands, like: 
 - Group -- how would I implement this in text mode, adopt siblings?
 
 
Dude, I could totally make an ncurses client for this :P

make it output a plain html file

make an omnifocus merging tool

make a text event onTimeout